improve lifelong learning docs (#143)
kubeedge/sedna: examples/lifelong_learning/atcii/README.md

> We provide a well-processed [datasets](https://kubeedge.obs.cn-north-1.myhuaweicloud.com/examples/atcii-classifier/dataset.tar.gz), which including train, evaluation and incremental dataset.

Reviewer: which including?

Author: fix

```
cd /data
wget https://kubeedge.obs.cn-north-1.myhuaweicloud.com/examples/atcii-classifier/dataset.tar.gz

> tar -zxvf dataset.tar.gz  # Note: In this package, testData.csv is the evaluation dataset, trainData.csv is the train dataset and trainData2 will be the incremental dataset

Reviewer: Better to append this note into `We provide a well-processed [datasets]` section instead of just embeding into the commands

Author: fix

          imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
          args: ["inference.py"]
          env:

>           - name: "UT_SAVED_URL"  # unseend tasks save path

Reviewer: typo: unseend

Author: fix

            value: "/ut_saved_url"

>           - name: "infer_dataset_url"  # simulation of the inference sampls 

Reviewer: typo: sampls

Author: fix

EOF
```

> >**Note**: When `outputDir` which use for saving artifacts (model, sample, etc.) is set into s3, `credentialName` should be added into the yaml above. Follow [this](../../storage/s3/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note**: `outputDir` can be set as s3 storage url to save artifacts(model, sample, etc.) into s3, and follow [this](/examples/storage/s3/README.md) to set the credentials.
```

Author: accept
